national institute of technology karnataka surathkal p.o srinivasnagar mangalore 575025 placements 2009 10 b.tech branch computer science vikram baghel gender male reg. no. 06co65 date of birth april 30 1989 email id vkmbaghel@gmail.com phone 0-7741-232765 mobile 09-0084-19729 c.g.p.a. 6.12 present address permanent address b.tech details semester year s.g.p.a c.g.p.a pre degree 10+2th 10th details discipline institution university board year marks vikram baghel b.tech room 210 pg hostel block nitk surathkal karnataka india. so shiv singh baghel gupta para kawardha 491995 chhattisgarh india. semester 1 dec 2006 7.71 7.71 semester 2 may 2007 6 6.92 semester 3 dec 2007 6.65 6.84 semester 4 may 2008 3.08 5.93 semester 5 dec 2008 5.84 5.91 semester 6 may 2009 5 6.05 semester 7 dec 2009 6.56 6.12 xth saraswati shishu mandir h s school kawardha chhattisgarh 2003 85.5 xiith krishna public school bhilai cbse 2005 81.8 b.tech national institute of technology karnataka deemed university 2010 6.12 supplementary information extra curricular activities about myself co curricular activities i am the mozilla campus representative of my college. i am active member of web enthusiasts club of my college. i am active member of management forum of my college. i am part of care for me ngo as collaboration leader. i am one of the mentor of gurudakshina ngo founded by nitk alumni which aim to decrease the dropout rate in schools and also help grow the students into a more successful human being. i have participated actively in organizing cultural technical social activities and computer literacy camps in school and college level. i have attended indo us workshop and conference on cyber security cyber crime and cyber forensics conducted by university of buffalo state university of new york and amrita university. i have attended workshop on public key infrastucture pki by c dac. i have attended training program on six sigma methodology by kpmg. i want to acquire key technical and managerial skills by actively contributing for its growth also to bring out my innovative ideas and skills to develop myself as a good leader in my domain of expertise. graphics editor platform windows xp language c the project involved creation of a simple graphics tool or package that is similar to microsoft paint including mouse interface. instruction based display was used instead of pixel mapping display to facilitate animation of 2d objects. passport office database platform independent language j2se sql jsp html database oracle 10g this database project was aimed at the dbas in passport office to aid in the passport making process. it applies the concepts like multi user view securitydata abstraction normalization and data integrity. customers can use website for querying the status of their passport. advanced e commerce website platform independent language jsp html javascript ajax database oracle 10g this website project was aimed to economize and boost up the advertisements by advertising personally on mobile phones with discount codes via sms gate way and also automated email updates. shoppers after registration can avail of various searching sorting rating and subscribing techniques. implementation of tsp by genetic algorithm platform windows technology c++ this was to implement a research paper by al dulaimi b. f. and ali h. a. 2008 enhanced traveling salesman problem solving by genetic algorithm technique. reference 1 reference 2 co curricular activities developing extensions for mozilla platform independent technology xul javascript dom xpcom css this project was aimed to create firefox extension for erasing lso local shared objects i.e. flash cookies which is not supported by any of the existing browser. eraser extension can be downloaded from this link https addons.mozilla.orgen usfirefoxaddon13009 user validation vulnerability scanner ongoing platform windows technology c.net this project will detect the user validation loop holes present in system web forms. a lot of dynamic web pages database and web application in the internet involves log in of associated users and administrators for which unauthorized access can be made possible using few vulnerabilities attacks e.g. sql injection and brute force attack. light weight web server platform windows technology c.net a custom web server that can run with limited main memory and offers basic functionality like hosting html image and pdf files. a server administration module provides allows managing web server either from same machine where server is running or from remote machine. it provides secure log in to send authentication request to server using asymmetric keys. advanced stealth phishing by arp and cam poisoing ongoing platform independent technology perl php wincaplibpcap library ssl digital certificate a complete vlan setup to implement the phishing attack within a subnet for web addresss by arp poisioning and cam table poisoning in gateway. the motive is to fake the identity of phishing web page by enforcing ssl connection and fake digital certificates and thus not leaving any chance to be detectable as phishing page in the browsers. radhesh mohandas adjunct faculty department of computer engineering nitk surathkal. alwyn r pais senior lecturer department of computer engineering nitk surathkal.