national institute of technology karnataka surathkal p.o srinivasnagar mangalore 575025 placements 2009 10 b.tech branch computer science rashmi lagisetty gender female reg. no. 06co49 date of birth january 6 1989 email id rashmilagisetty@gmail.com phone 09-9499-11000 mobile 9-9004-06025 c.g.p.a. 8.52 present address permanent address b.tech details semester year s.g.p.a c.g.p.a pre degree 10+2th 10th details discipline institution university board year marks rashmi lagisetty b.tech rashmi lagisetty room no 007gh 3nitk girls hostel national institute of technology karnataka surathkalp.o srinivasnagar 575025 rashmi lagisetty do jagdish lagisetty 401 sreeranganilayam street 16 domulguda hyderabad andhrapradesh semester 1 dec 2006 8.14 8.14 semester 2 may 2007 8.5 8.31 semester 3 dec 2007 8.57 8.39 semester 4 may 2008 9 8.54 semester 5 dec 2008 8.4 8.51 semester 6 may 2009 8.36 8.48 semester 7 dec 2009 8.84 8.52 xth ivy league academy hyderabad central board of secondary education 2004 83.8 xiith abu dhabi indian school abu dhabiuae central board of secondary education 2006 90.4 supplementary information extra curricular activities about myself co curricular activities 1.executive member of incident 2008 college cultural fest. 2.executive member of incident 2009. 3.marketing member of incident 2010 and executive member of public relations of incident 2010. in both the years of being part of incidenti used my abilities to the fullest to organize eventsto befriend people from various colleges and places and publicize for the largeextravagant and multifarious cultural fest.this experience in turn enhanced my managerial skills and brought a professional outlook to my approaches.the cultural exposure i gained was remarkable and resourceful. 4.executive member of rotaract clubnitk student chapter.have contributed largely for various events like euphoria 2008 g apti gaming and many more.being a coordinator of rotaract clubi had opportunity to work in an hierarchical environmentwhere co ordinating among students of different years is of vital importance.quick perceptioncreativity and pace of making decision were testedapplied and improved.helped in nurturing my talents and evolve. 5.executive member of spicmacay it works to support and spread indian culture and music across to the youth.made me conscious and bound to indian culture in more. 6.girls representative for national service schemenss.social service was always one of my interests and this club provided me to reach out to people to apply it. 7.held the post of secretary in the nature club of school. 8.participated in and won many volleyball matches.secured first position in volleyball match during phoenix 2008sports meet organized in the college. 9.participated in literary and general quizzes at school. 10.participated in computer networking workshop held at engineer 2009. 11.active participation in dance cultural events and literary events held at college.won many dance and literary competitions at school and college level. 12.organized beach clean up activity organized by rotaract club. 13.took part in green engineer campus clean up drive during engineer 2008college technical fest. 14.participated in nss drive to donate clothes to the needy. a peoples person to the forteteam man to the core.i see myself as a hardworkinguncompromising individual encrusted with moral values along with a sharp eye for creativity.blend of exquisite communication skills along with a calm composed demeanor and a dedicated attitude.confidentamiableeasy going nature and avid reader describes me even more. i am confident of my academic abilities and am capable of handling responsibilities and my versatile nature enables me to adjust to any condition.my past three interns have groomed my professional traits and provided business environment to flourish. co curricular activities academic achievements secured first position in uae in mathsphysics and chemistry aggregrate in 12th standardcbse. may july 2009 interned with ge energyhyderabad technology center in fulfillment productivity tools team under pramod yadav. worked on c.net as front end and ms access and sql server as backend.worked on in house tool of geenergy.learnt c.net in 1 weeks and completed two major units of the tool.did the analysis design and the implementation of the on going tool. nov dec 2008 interned with gulf business machinesabu dhabi in field of pre sales and support departments under andrewpre sales specialist and georges el khoury networking sales specialist. concentrated on ibm and cisco machines used in the networking layout proposed by the company.studied in detail about the requisites for creating network layout for any company and designed a network layout for dummy company. may june 2008 interned with commvault systemsindia private limitedhyderabadsoftware firm which deals with back upsrecovery and archiving of data.worked with the integration team under the guidance of mr.govind rao mondrati.during this timei worked on back up procedure and architecture followed by the company. imbibed knowledge on recovery system followed by various companies for their data. learnt about archiving of data too. perceived oracle database administrator course for a period of one month from wilshire institute in hyderabad. attended science and technology week organized by presidential classroom program 2005 at georgia universityusa sponsored by honeywellusa. gave a seminar on mantis operating system in september 2008 to a class of 70. i the seminar i have spoken on architectureplaces of application and advantages and disadvantages. created a game using artificial intelligence concepts.it uses heuristic method fuzzy logic and a algorithm for approaching the goal. currently working on wireless sensor network protocol in energy optimization field.ns2 and mannasim are the tools employed. created a network application which blocked a user from accessing any malicious or unwanted site.an application similar to ironport. visual c++ .net as frontend and ms access database as backend was employed for development of the project. created blue firea p2p file sharing client in javadesigned to meet the needs of file sharing over a unstable networking environment and to abolish single point failure of service at the software level.streaming of audio and video were done to upload and download audiovideo across users.neat clustering of data made searching of files across the users faster and easier.private chat among users was also a feature built. created eticom a database project with vb as frontend and sql as backend.it depicts the functionalities that take place in any telecommunication company.it records the calls made by the clientrecords the duration and assigns tariff of call depending on category localstdisd.produces a monthly bill showing calls madedurationprice and total amount to b paid.options like dues were also taken care of. created a 2d snake game using c graphics where the algorithm implemented concepts like translationrotation and scaling of graphical objects.it depicted the snake game available as reference 1 reference 2 co curricular activities computer or mobile game.designed the overlook and implemented the code for the proper execution of the game. created a travel agency software in my 12th standard which was pure event driven program using c and graphics in c. mr pramod yadav pramodkumar.yadav@ge.com ge energy hyderabad a.p india mr.govind rao mondrati govinda@commvault.com commvault systemsindia private limited 5th floorplot no 39phase iiblock aananth info parkhitech citymadapurhyderabad 500081