national institute of technology karnataka surathkal p.o srinivasnagar mangalore 575025 placements 2009 10 b.tech branch computer science syama r gender female reg. no. 06co64 date of birth july 23 1988 email id syamar@gmail.com phone 0484 2330407 mobile +919-8863-16157 c.g.p.a. 8.77 present address permanent address b.tech details semester year s.g.p.a c.g.p.a pre degree 10+2th 10th details discipline institution university board year marks syama r b.tech room no 109 girls block 3 nitk hostels nitk surathkal srinivasnagar p.o mangalore 575025 karnataka house no 35876 janatha road north palarivattom p.o cochin 682025 kerala state semester 1 dec 2006 8.86 8.86 semester 2 may 2007 9 8.92 semester 3 dec 2007 8.83 8.89 semester 4 may 2008 8.93 8.9 semester 5 dec 2008 8.64 8.85 semester 6 may 2009 8.36 8.77 xth bhavans adarsha vidyalaya kakkanad cbse 2004 94.2 xiith bhavans vidya mandir elamakkara cbse 2006 94.6 supplementary information extra curricular activities about myself co curricular activities affiliations affiliations off campus member csi computer society of india member ieee clubs and associations on campus artists forum spicmacay indian society for technical education nitk chapter hobbies and interests painting pencil shading sketching watching tv reading newspapers browsing few of my achievements in painting are 1. national scholarship in painting ccrt scholarship 2. international award in painting hydrangea award japan prize winning painting can be seen at http homepage2.nifty.comchildartfilee5w.html 3. iind place silver medal in international painting contest 2002 fai young artists contest conducted by federation of aeronautique internationale avenue mon repos 24 ch 1005 lusanne switzerland. painting can be seen at http www.fai.orgeducationcontestsartistswinners.aspid2002 . i was interviewed by leading national daily the hindu and it appeared in the column called young achievers. the article can be seen at http www.hinduonnet.comthehinduyw20030315stories200-3031-501000300.htm 4. in the sydney olympics visa olympics of the imagination art contest at the national level i got iiird place. i am a very focused and hard working person. i dedicate myself fully to any task i take up and i believe that is one my plus points. the one thing which i have learnt from my projects internships and club activities is that you can achieve anything if you put in your hundred percent. projects 1. project title ibm lotus live connectors plug in ibm summer internship project objective to build a connector plug in for ibm lotus live description the lotus live connectors plug in is a lotus notes plug in which basically aims at acting as an interface between the notes user and the lotus live cloud. the plug in has a sidebar tree viewer which shows the users files and collections in a tree structure. the plug in also allows the user to open share and upload the currently open documents to the cloud. duration 2 months team size 2 technologies used java apache abdera which implements atom publishing protocol my role design of the gui as well as the get files open files and share collection part of the plug in were handled by me. 2. project title online banking system objective to create an online banking website this allows the account holders to utilise the bank services online. description the system may be described as followscustomer must have a valid user id and password to login to the system.after the valid user logs in he is shown the list of accounts he has with the co curricular activities bank.on selecting the desired account he is taken to a page which shows the present balance in that particular account number user can request details of the last n number of transactions he has performed.user can make a funds transfer to another account in the same bank. user can transfer funds from his account to any other account with this bank. if the transaction is successful a notification should appear to the customer in case it is unsuccessful a proper message should be given to the customer as to why it failed.user can request for cheque bookchange of addressstop payment of cheques user can view his monthly as well as annual statements. user can make online payments to utility companies like electricity board mobile etc via his credit card. the system offers wide variety of loans products to suit customers requirements.coupled with convenience of networked branches atms and facility of e channels like internet. the customer can select any of the loan products and provide the details online. the customer can also view the status of his loans. duration 1 month team size 2 technologies used phpcss and oracle my role design of the template for the site as well as the user account and loan modules were handled by me. 3. project title borrowed virtual time scheduler objective to simulate borrowed virtual time scheduler using gantt chart. description bvt scheduler provides low latency for real time and interactive applications yet weighted sharing of the cpu across applications according to system policy even with thread failure at the real time level all with a low overhead implementation on multiprocessors as well as uniprocessors. it makes minimal demands on application developers and can be used with a reservation or admission control module for hard real time applications. given a set of jobs with arrival time execution time and warp back create a gantt chart for the jobs assign slots based on the bvt scheduler algorithm and display the average waiting time and turnaround time. also execute these jobs during their slot. duration 1 week team size 1 technologies used c my role bvt is a relatively new scheduling algorithm. a fair amount of time was spent in understanding the concept after which coding became relatively simple. the whole coding was done by me. 4. research paper on ambi graph modeling ambient intelligent systems paper to be published in the ieee conference international conference on computer engineering and technology 2009 on january 23rd 2009. the paper was written under the guidance of prof. k. chandrasekharan. 5. project title online event management system the project tries to simply the event management procedure by having online facilities. php javascript css and oracle where used for its development. i was concerned with the calendar development and budget calculator part of the project. 6. project title snake game to build snake game using concepts of computer graphics. technology used c. ongoing projects 1. building a wireless sensor network using systemc and specc. this is my major project which aims at developing a wsn simulator. unique features of this simulator include its ability to be directly deployed on fpga chips and provisions to add new features into the simulator itself ie plug ins. the challenges here include identifying the node structure deciding which algorithm should be used for default routing etc. reference 1 reference 2 co curricular activities 2. developing a blocking software this project is a part of the course advanced topics in networks. here we block sites based on keywords by running the program on proxy server. key challenges here are building a proxy server and security issues. the drawbacks include not being able to block when accessed using ip and not being able to identify a client uniquely. prof k chandrasekaran department of computer engineering nitk email kch@nitk.ac.in amit surana software engineer ibm india pvt. ltd isl email amitmsurana@gmail.com